Add the November 2023 roadmap (#96)
brainglobe/brainglobe.github.io: docs/source/community/roadmaps/november-2023.md

# November 2023

> This roadmap reflects our current priorities which are to refactor and organise the BrainGlobe codebase to make it 
> easier to maintain and further develop in the long-term. Many of these changes won't add any new features, or make 
> the existing tools easier to use. However, we hope this will ensure that BrainGlobe is around for years to come, and 
> that we have a solid platform to develop new tools in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This roadmap reflects our current priorities which are to refactor and organise the BrainGlobe codebase. Many of these changes won't add any new features - they are largely aimed at making existing features more accessible (e.g. through a graphical user interface), ensure all tools are easier-to-install and at making BrainGlobe 
easier to maintain and further develop in the long-term.  We hope this will ensure that BrainGlobe is around for years to come, and that we have a solid platform to develop new tools and support a growing community in the future.
```
Think a lot of the immediate changes, while not adding new features, are in fact aimed at ease-of-use and ease-of-installation?

Author: Good catch. I think I was thinking about v1 when I wrote this.
